.\"/*
.\" * Copyright (C) 2012 Red Hat, Inc.
.\" *
.\" * Author: Angus Salkeld <asalkeld@redhat.com>
.\" *
.\" * This file is part of libqb.
.\" *
.\" * libqb is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" * it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
.\" * the Free Software Foundation, either version 2.1 of the License, or
.\" * (at your option) any later version.
.\" *
.\" * libqb is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" * GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.\" *
.\" * You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
.\" * along with libqb.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" */
.TH QB-BLACKBOX 8 2017-07-27
.SH NAME
qb-blackbox \- Display "flight data" from the "blackbox".
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBqb-blackbox\fR [\fIblackbox-file\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBqb-blackbox\fR prints out the logs (including debug logs) that were
recorded using libqb's blackbox mechanism.
.SS Portability notes
Due to variations amongst platforms, some of which directly impact
the libqb's blackbox format handling (e.g. page size), there's currently
only the commitment that \fBqb-blackbox\fR shall decode the blackbox files
recorded at the same platform (plus the same page size) while using libqb
compiled with the same relevant compile-time options
(e.g. \fBUSE_CACHE_LINE_ALIGNMENT\fR) as linked to this decoder.
Otherwise, your mileage may vary.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Get info to help developers diagnose a crash.
.br
$ qb-blackbox /var/lib/corosync/fdata
.br
Dumping the contents of /var/lib/corosync/fdata
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 message_handler_orf_token():3677 install seq 0 aru 0 high seq received 0
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 message_handler_orf_token():3696 retrans flag count 4 token aru 0 install seq 0 aru 0 0
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 old_ring_state_reset():1487 Resetting old ring state
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 deliver_messages_from_recovery_to_regular():1693 recovery to regular 1-0
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 memb_state_operational_enter():1779 Delivering to app 1 to 0
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 sync_abort():594 ENTERING sync_abort()
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 sync_save_transitional():586 ENTERING sync_save_transitional()
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 member_object_joined():301 Member joined: r(0) ip(192.168.122.1) 
.br
Mar 23 20:58:57 sync_abort():594 ENTERING sync_abort()
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR qblog.h (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Angus Salkeld
.PP
